Excellent.
We know who is the biggest bully.
That would be the inland sea assets.
So let's right now look at the syntax and the way the general syntax works.
Number four again we do this let me just delete this comment change the email.
Let's get over the link.
I think we can get rid of all these headings.
We can just leave maybe two of them.
So I'm just going to get rid of these ones.
Delete the other having two as well.
We can get this one deleted.
So there's gonna be no inline style and just as a side note if you would like throughout your assistant
Oriel you can work within the statute.
The internal one.
So let's say all the examples that I'm gonna be doing are gonna be in the external statute or if you
do find it more useful during Desert Oriel.
You can obviously work here within the internal one.
So let's say it's a little bit more powerful to you to see that you're going to be selecting having
one and you can see that the actual heading one is gonna be right in front of you in duration IMO.
Now I wouldn't suggest doing that when we were gonna be working on the project because there's gonna
be way more code in the actual success but for now there's not going to be that many so you might as
well can do that.
No I'm gonna write everything an external one because I just find it a little bit more interesting and
useful for me when I have that external style sheet but this is really up to you.
So if this is something you enjoy more working with internal one during the tutorial.
Go ahead and just do that.
Now I'm going to delete it and I'm gonna do all my work in the external.
Now if we're going to head over to external one we're not gonna cover yet all the values.
However we will gonna go over the general things that are there so first and foremost this is gonna
be called C assessable.
So this whole thing together is a C S as rule.
Also if you are working in C Ss we have an option for comment.
So the way create comments is just by command and a forward slash or again if you don't like the actual
shortcuts we can head over to the file or you know what.
It wasn't file I think it was in the edit notice we have toggle comment so that's gonna do the same
thing and that's gonna be useful especially as we're working through the project because you would want
to separate your styles.
So there's gonna be some styles that are for some type of section of the page then there's gonna be
other ones.
So you will gonna use the comments.
So just so you're not surprised at what's happening right now.
If you'd like to add the comment again you just go here.
Let me start a new line maybe that's going to be a little bit more useful and if you click on toggle
line comment you'll gonna get new sets of comments.
So everything that we're gonna write over here similarly how we have within the email is not gonna be
infected nostalgic.
So we can even comment out the actual styles that we have for now.
So let's say I can come at the mouth once we say with notice we have no styles anymore.
So it's also something that you might do later on when you would like to test something.
So I digress a little bit but I wanted to show you just so you're not surprised of what's happening.
So let me delete this come in here was getting rid of this one.
The second one and here we're gonna say that this would be C assessable.
Now next on our agenda is going to be this guy.
So this is gonna be our selector again.
Let me create the no comment.
And let's write that we are looking for selector.
Now there's gonna be tons of selectors.
However in my opinion it's not necessary especially in the beginning to really know all of them because
you can do a lot of powerful things by knowing I don't know maybe six or seven of them.
And for most cases believe me you can do a lot of powerful things just by using the class selectors
that we haven't covered and the I.D. So later on we're going to look at more selectors.
But in general just remember that this is gonna be something that you're selecting.
So let's say in our case we're selecting the heading One if there's gonna be heading to we're going
to be selecting heading to if there's gonna be a class we're gonna be selecting class and so on and
so forth.
So this would be something that we're selecting with the selector after the selector we have the declaration
look.
So first of all let me write this the check.
There are Asian that's gonna be probably proper spelling and this whole thing is gonna be declaration
one hour notice that we do need to have the opening really brace and the closing.
So again if you're going to admit this and if I'm gonna save this for now this is gonna work but it
gives you an error.
So technically if you're gonna do something like this if we're going to use another heading to notice
it's gonna be really hard.
You are getting right away there.
So here we're gonna write colour red.
Let's check it out.
We're all going to have and we cannot select anymore our heading to because we already made here the
syntax.
So we need to be careful with the fact that you do need to follow the proper.
So the moment I'm going to open up or I'm sorry had the closing curly brace then everything is gonna
be working fine.
Well this is gonna be our whole declaration blah now.
Like I probably mentioned before and know that this is not what I would like to do.
The whole thing is gonna be called C assess rule.
So this is gonna be our whole.
That includes the selection or and the declaration.
Now you don't need to remember these names but the reason why I'm telling you this is as we're gonna
be going through tutorial just so you're not surprised if I'm using one of them if I let's say well
let's work on the most basic selector you know what I'm talking about now this within is gonna be the
property so let's say within the declaration block there's gonna be a declaration now declaration is
the property lost the value.
So in our case this would be this mine.
Let's write over here declaration.
That's going to be the naming.
And then within a declaration this guy's gonna be the property.
So what kind of property would we want.
Whether this is gonna be the color or font size and again there's many many properties.
So I just am not going to cover them right now.
But in general what you need to remember this is going to be the property.
Then we have the syntax of a colon.
And then here we have the values.
And if we have many properties we also have even more value.
So let's say four colors again you name it you want blue you will get blue you want red you'll get red
and you get the idea.
Now like I also mentioned before the semicolon is important because if I'm going to admit the semicolon
and again if we're gonna save it notice something interesting.
My color blue is not working as well as my font size.
Again we're getting the errors right away.
So it's kind of hard to miss and this is one of the neat things of using the actual nice text header
which is gonna give you right away suggestions so you don't have to spend hours or minutes or whatever
on looking for the user syntax errors that you created.
Because believe me again we have four lines of code seven lines of code.
Yeah of course it's easy.
But once you get to hundreds and thousands then the smaller might take you a long long to fix it and
find it.
So it's always better if you have something visually telling you that Hey listen buddy you've made some
kind of mistake.
So semicolons important in short.
So let me maybe add more here that there's going to be property.
So let's write property and write up the property we have the value.
Let me say it.
Now we have our comments.
So now we know the basic syntax and again in a nutshell all these things are gonna change depending
on what you're doing.
You're gonna have different selectors you're going to have different properties and you're going to
have different values.
So these things are gonna be constantly changing.
You're not always gonna work with having once.
You're not always gonna work with just others or let's say color value of blue.
So all things can change all the time.
However the syntax is gonna stay the same.
You will gonna have a selector you all gonna have a property and you will gonna have value.